finished codepen url: https://codepen.io/APS13/pen/dyvJrvG

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        #Semantic HTML is a style of HTML that provides additional context for the elements used. 
    2. What is HTML used for?
        #HTML is used for laying out the structure of a web page, which CSS can in turn utilize to provide style
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        #An HTML attribute is additional context we can provide for an element and it is usually included in the opening tag of an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        #The h1 tag is used for the main heading text of a web page and should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        #The anchor tag ("a") requires the href attribute, and the image tag ("img") requires the src attribute in order to function properly
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        #At the head of our HTML document we need to put a document type (!DOCTYPE) declaration that signals that the following document is written in HTML
    7. What is an id?
        #In HTML, ids are used to specify a unique identifier for an HTML element; any given id can only be used once in a HTML doc
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        #An id can be given to any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        #The same id can only be used once in a given HTML doc
    10. What is a class?
        #In HTML, a class can be used on any element or group of elements to specify an unique identifier
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        #A class can be given to any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        #The same class can be used an unlimited amount of times on a given HTML doc
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        #After specifying the href in an anchor tag, the target attribute can be used with a value of "_blank" in order to have the link open in a new tab
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        #The alt attribute in an image tag is used for specifying a text string associated with the image as an alternative for the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #In CSS, you can reference an id with a hashtage ("#") before the id's name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        #A section is used more for semantic HTML reasons to specify a significant portion (or section) of the web page; Divs are used to group elements purely for stylistic purposes in CSS
    17. What is CSS used for?
        #CSS is used for taking the HTML structure or foundation of the website and styling it (e.g. position on the page, borders, sizing, colors, fonts, etc.)
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        #You select an element to style in CSS by including that element name (or class/id with correct syntax) followed by curly braces and the CSS styling direction code within the curly braces; eg. h2 { "CSS styling directions code" }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        #A class can be used more than once, but an id can only be used once; Class example: when multiple sections will require the same styling, you can apply the same class attribute to both sections; Id example: you can give your header an id, because your page will have only one header and will be styled differently from the rest of your page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        #We select classes in CSS by including a period followed by the class name (e.g. ".classname")
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        # ".human p"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        #This is when you want to target a specific child element of a given parent; for example if you want to style a p element but not all p elements, you can specify the parent in CSS first, followed by p to target that specific p element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        # ".sidebar a"
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        #A pseudo selector is used in CSS to specify styling for a specific state of an element; e.g. after a link has been clicked, or if you hover over a specific element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        #The "line-height" property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        #The "letter-spacing" property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        #We used the "text-transform" property in CSS; respectively for the examples in the quesitons we would use the values: "uppercase", "lowercase", and "capitalize"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        # "div {
            border-style: dotted;
            border-width: 1px;
            border-color: black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        #You can use an asterisk in CSS to select everything on the page
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        #By using: "/* comment-text */"
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        #Printing the working directory or typing "pwd"
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        #Using the list command "ls"
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        #You would use the "rm" command with an option of including "-r" if you want to also delete and files inside of a specified directory; You have to be careful with this as there likely is not a warning and if entered there is no rolling this back
    34. Why should I use version control?
        #Version control is important because in the real world many individuals can be working on the same code at the same time, so it would allow any user to follow along with the changes made to code as new code is pushed.  Also as things breaking is a normal thing to happen, version control allows you to roll back any new code changes to a stable version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        #You should commit to gihub often, but not after every line;  general practice is to commit on a feature-basis, meaning after a specific feature of the code is full updated
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        # "git push -u origin branch-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        #1. Fork a copy of Lambda's repo for my account
        2. Clone the repo with the repo's HTTPS link in my terminal using "git clone *repo-link*"
        3. Cd into the created repo on my local machine
        4. Checkout a branch of that repo on my machine in git using "git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'"
        5. Open up the code and work on it in VS Code; when finished save the file in VS Code
        6. Add the repo changes in terminal by using "git add ."
        7. Commit the changes made in git and include a description of the changes by using "git commit -m "*Description of changes*""
        8. Push the changes back to github by using "git push -u origin firstname-lastname"
        9. Submit a pull request using a base repository of our own forked copy to our changes we just pushed
        10. Use the link from the submitted pull request to submit to Lambda

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 